# Licence

<h1 style="text-align: center;">Kód</h1>

Funkcionalita (kód) tohoto projektu je dodávána v rámci MIT licence:

Copyright (c) 2023 Jan Žitník, mail@janzitnik.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

<h1 style="text-align: center;">Text, mapy, ilustrace</h1>

Text, mapy či ilustrace mohou být sdíleny při dodržení [CC BY-NC-ND](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/legalcode) licence (případně se můžete podívat na [zkrácenou verzi této licence](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)).

Pokud potřebujete použít text, mapy či ilustrace jinak, než je povoleno v licenci, neváhejte mě kontaktovat na [mail@janzitnik.com](mailto:mail@janzitnik.com), ať můžeme prodiskutovat Vaše potřeby.

<h1 style="text-align: center;">Heraldika</h1>

Veškerá heraldika je generována pomocí [Generátoru heraldiky Armoria](https://azgaar.github.io/Armoria/) a je tedy chráněna stejnou licencí, jakou definuje tento nástroj. Většina exportované heraldiky je pod hlavičkou [CC BY-NC-SA](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/) licencí, ale v některých případech se může jednat o jinou licenci. Více informací o Armoria licenci [zde](https://github.com/Azgaar/Armoria).

---
<h1 style="text-align: center;">Code</h1>

The functionality (code) of this project is shipped under MIT License:

Copyright (c) 2023 Jan Žitník, mail@janzitnik.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

<h1 style="text-align: center;">Text, maps, illustrations</h1>

Text, maps and illustrations can be shared under [CC BY-NC-ND license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/legalcode) (or you can have a look at the [shorter version of the license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)).

If you need to use text, maps or illustrations in other way than it's allowed in the license, please contact me on [mail@janzitnik.com](mailto:mail@janzitnik.com), so we can discuss your needs.

<h1 style="text-align: center;">Heraldry</h1>

All the heraldry is generated by [Armoria heraldry generator](https://azgaar.github.io/Armoria/) and is under the same license. Most of the exported heraldry is under [CC BY-NC-SA](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/) license, but it can vary. More info about Armoria license [here](https://github.com/Azgaar/Armoria).
